---
layout: post
title: Singapore Team is hiring
author: webinfra
permalink: /sg
---

[简体中文版本](/about) 

Quick links: [Tech Leader](#frontend-tech-leader) / [Software Engineer](#software-engineer-all-levels)

## Web Infrastructure Team

Our primitive goal is to provide e**X**cellent technical solutions to help the company's business grow, and build an open technical ecology to promote the development of web technology in the company and the industry.

Web Infra team focuses on building web frameworks and developer tools for ByteDance's frontend engineers. The web frameworks are widely used by Bytedance web applications, making frontend teams more productive and elevating the performance and quality for all the web pages for Bytedance. The web development tools cover the full lifecycle for web application development, including initing, developing, CI/CD, release, and online monitoring. These tools help to improve the quality of ByteDance projects.

Currently we focus on [Modern Web Application solutions](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/88616149), Browser Kernel, Web Security, JS Engine  etc. We have set up R&D teams in different locations, including Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, 🇸🇬Singapore, 🇺🇸Mountain View.

Team blog: <https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/bytedancer>  
**Apply now: <webinfra@bytedance.com> / [Online](https://careers.tiktok.com/position/7148569736305019143/detail)**

---

📖 The **Singapore** team will focus on:

* **Web Solutions** focuses on building web frameworks and developer tools for TikTok's frontend engineers. The web frameworks are widely used by TikTok web applications, making frontend teams more productive and elevating the performance and quality for all the web pages for TikTok. The web development tools cover the full lifecycle for web application development, including initing, developing, CI/CD, release, and online monitoring. These tools help to improve the quality of TikTok projects.
* **Browser Kernel** aims at providing first-class Web Engine and tools for speed, security, and stability, and is responsible for promoting the Web ecosystem inside Bytedance Inc.

## Frontend Tech Leader

[✉️ webinfra@bytedance.com](mailto:webinfra@bytedance.com) / [🔗 Apply Here](https://careers.tiktok.com/position/7148569736305019143/detail)

### Minimum qualifications

1. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience.
2. 5 years of hands-on technical leadership and people management experience.
3. Programming experience in one of the following: JavaScript, TypeScript, Java, C++ or Python.
4. Experience with developing automated internal frameworks, increasing developer and release velocity, improving code health and building developer tools.

### Preferred qualifications

1. MS or PhD in Computer Science or related degree.
2. 10 years of relevant industry experience, with 5 years of hands-on technical leadership and people management experience.
3. Experience in the design, implementation and delivery of scalable build/test/release infrastructure.

### Responsibilities

1. Help build a team and cultivate innovation by driving cross-collaboration and execution of projects across multiple teams.
2. Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.
3. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve the software.
4. Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards.
5. Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your background in distributed systems and large-scale storage or networking systems.

### Ideal Candidate

1. Agile, quick self learner, highly self-motivated with strong sense of product ownership and creative problem solver.
2. Deeply passionate about software coding/development and building great mobile/web applications.
3. Ability to lead independent research to solve complex technical problems.
4. Empathetic and results oriented leader and mentor.
5. Good collaborator and team player, comfortable working in a fast moving, culturally diverse and globally distributed team environment.
6. Professional level proficiency in written and spoken English.

## Software Engineer (All levels)

[✉️ webinfra@bytedance.com](mailto:webinfra@bytedance.com) / [🔗 Apply Here](https://careers.tiktok.com/position/7148569736305019143/detaill)

### Minimum qualifications

1. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
2. Technical knowledge of web application development.
3. Programming experience in JavaScript/TypeScript. Experience in WebApps performance optimization.
4. Familiar with profiling and debugging toolchain. Experience in memory optimization and multi-thread optimization.
5. Familiar with one of the popular frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular. Developing applications in React including component design and state management for specific use cases.

### Preferred qualifications

1. Advanced degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related technical field.
2. Development experience in the open-source community.
3. Programming experience in mobile application (iOS / Android) development.
4. Familiar with C++/C/Rust language.

### Responsibilities

1. Design, develop and maintain the web development tools including bundler, linter, code checker and more.
2. Design, develop and maintain the web framework including CSR, SSR, SSG.
3. Analyze and optimize the web framework performance, improve code quality and efficiency.
4. Scopes and builds samples, docs, and developer program content. Produces code and documentation that is accessibly written for a well-defined audience.
5. Proactively communicate with teammates and product team stakeholders to collect feedback, and provide mentorship to junior engineers if needed.