---
layout: post
title: Mountain View Team / Seattle Team is hiring
author: webinfra
permalink: /en/about
---

[简体中文版本](/about)

**[✉️ web-infra-careers@bytedance.com](mailto:web-infra-careers@bytedance.com)**



## About Web Infra Team

We believe that web technology is one of the greatest things. At Web Infra, we try our best to provide better tools and make it easier to develop web applications. Besides, open-source is the thing we focus on for a long time.

We are building a series of web tools to bring better DX to engineers:

* A fast Rust-based web bundler, also called ***[Rspack](https://www.rspack.dev/blog/announcement.html)***, which aims to build a high-performance frontend toolchain.
* A high-performance mobile frontend framework which breaks through the limit of webview to bring better performance to H5 apps.
* A progressive modern web development framework, based on React, which provides a lot of built-in out-of-the-box tools.
* A speedy, more secure and more stable browser kernel which provides first-class Web Engine.
* Other tools to make web development easier.

Nowadays, these tools have been used by ByteDance engineers for a long time and receive high praise. And some tools will be open-source step by step.


## About the job

Web Infra is looking for experienced engineers to help us to build more web tools which will bring better development experience to engineers and better user experience to users. As web infra team member, you will try to:

* Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure of distributed systems and large-scale storage or networking systems.
* Design, develop and maintain  web  tools including bundler, linter, code checker and more.
* Scopes and builds samples, docs, and developer program content. Produces code and documentation that is accessibly written for a well-defined audience.
* Proactively communicate with teammates and product team stakeholders to collect feedback, and provide mentorship to junior engineers if needed.


## About you

* Programming experience in JavaScript/TypeScript. Experience in WebApps performance optimization.
* Familiar with profiling and debugging toolchain
* Familiar with one of the popular frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular.
* Any development experience in the open-source community will be the highlight.


## Locations

* US - Seattle/Mountain View
* China - Beijing/Shanghai/Shenzhen/Hangzhou


## Benefits

* Competitive compensation and stock options
* Inclusive Healthcare Package
* Mentorship is on your hand if needed.

